add README note about OA guide (#520)
astropy/package-template: README.rst

|powered|   -   **cookiecutter branch:** |ci cookiecutter|

Pending Deprecation Warning
---------------------------
This template is in the process of being subsumed by the 
`OpenAstronomy packaging guide <https://github.com/OpenAstronomy/packaging-guide>`__,
which reflects more up-to-date Python packaging techniques than this template. In 
the future this template will be replaced by a guide built from the OA guide specific

> to Astropy, but in the mine time, if you are starting a new project you may wish to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to Astropy, but in the meantime, if you are starting a new project you may wish to
```
